docs(builder): add Vue 2 App build guide (#4251)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/builder-doc/docs/en/guide/framework/vue2.mdx

# Build Vue 2 App

Although the Modern.js framework is built on React, the underlying Modern.js Builder is not coupled with React. Therefore, you can use Modern.js Builder to build your Vue applications and leverage most of the capabilities provided by Modern.js Builder.

In this document, you will learn how to build a Vue 2 application using Modern.js Builder.

## Example Project

> We have created a example project based on Vue 2 and Modern.js Builder. You can refer to or directly clone this project and follow the guides in this document for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have created an example project based on Vue 2 and Modern.js Builder. You can build your own project by referring this project, or just cloning it as a template. The following documentation will provide more detailed instructions.
```
